<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Component][1]
    -   [Activity][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [ActivityList][4]
        -   [Parameters][5]
        -   [loadNext][6]
            -   [Parameters][7]
        -   [loadPrev][8]
            -   [Parameters][9]
        -   [changeCategory][10]
            -   [Parameters][11]
        -   [clearAll][12]
            -   [Parameters][13]
    -   [Autocomplete][14]
        -   [Parameters][15]
        -   [handleChange][16]
            -   [Parameters][17]
        -   [handleSelect][18]
            -   [Parameters][19]
    -   [Calendar][20]
        -   [Parameters][21]
    -   [InputForm][22]
        -   [Parameters][23]
        -   [updateDates][24]
            -   [Parameters][25]
        -   [updateCountry][26]
            -   [Parameters][27]
        -   [newTrip][28]
            -   [Parameters][29]
    -   [Map][30]
        -   [Parameters][31]
        -   [uponBoundsChanged][32]
            -   [Parameters][33]
        -   [mapReset][34]
        -   [mapLoaded][35]
    -   [NavBar][36]
    -   [SelectedActivityList][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
        -   [getItinerary][39]
            -   [Parameters][40]
    -   [Timetable][41]
        -   [Parameters][42]
        -   [onDragStart][43]
            -   [Parameters][44]
        -   [onDragOver][45]
            -   [Parameters][46]
        -   [onDrop][47]
            -   [Parameters][48]
-   [Container][49]
    -   [Login][50]
        -   [Parameters][51]
        -   [handleSubmit][52]
            -   [Parameters][53]
    -   [MyTrips][54]
        -   [Parameters][55]
        -   [loadTrips][56]
    -   [Results][57]
        -   [Parameters][58]
    -   [Shopping][59]
        -   [Parameters][60]
    -   [Signup][61]
        -   [Parameters][62]
        -   [handleSubmit][63]
            -   [Parameters][64]
    -   [StartPage][65]
        -   [Parameters][66]
-   [ReduxAction][67]
    -   [authStart][68]
    -   [authSuccess][69]
        -   [Parameters][70]
    -   [authFail][71]
        -   [Parameters][72]
    -   [logout][73]
    -   [notLoggedIn][74]
    -   [authLogin][75]
        -   [Parameters][76]
    -   [authSignup][77]
        -   [Parameters][78]
    -   [authCheckState][79]
    -   [newTripData][80]
        -   [Parameters][81]
    -   [newTrip][82]
        -   [Parameters][83]
    -   [checkTrip][84]
    -   [mapBoundsChange][85]
        -   [Parameters][86]
    -   [activitiesStart][87]
    -   [activitiesLoad][88]
        -   [Parameters][89]
    -   [activitiesLoadData][90]
        -   [Parameters][91]
    -   [activitiesAdd][92]
        -   [Parameters][93]
    -   [itineraryLoadStart][94]
    -   [itineraryLoad][95]
        -   [Parameters][96]
    -   [itineraryLoadData][97]
        -   [Parameters][98]
    -   [itineraryUpdate][99]
        -   [Parameters][100]

## Component

Components

### Activity

**Extends Component**

Component, renders a single activity.

#### Parameters

-   `value` **[Object][101]** : details of the activity
-   `displayIndex` **[number][102]** : index to show in website
-   `index` **[number][102]** : index of activity

### ActivityList

**Extends Component**

Component, renders a list of activities.

#### Parameters

-   `Activity` **[Component][103]** 
-   `activitiesLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to load activities from Google API
-   `activitiesAdd` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to update redux state when adding an activity to the list of selected activities upon selection
-   `map` **ReduxState** : Redux object with map information (e.g. lng/lat of center, and bounds)
-   `activitiesShown` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Redux object with information about the list of activities currently rendered

Returns **any** Rendered list of activities

#### loadNext

Called upon pressing the next page button.
Function to load next page of activities. If next page was loaded before, call
redux-action (activitiesLoad) with "GONEXT" parameter to retrieve next page, else
call with "NEXTKEYSEARCH" to retrieve next page from calling Google API.

##### Parameters

-   `activitiesLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to load activities from Google API

#### loadPrev

Called upon pressing the previous page button.
Function to load prev page of activities. Call redux-action (activitiesLoad) with
"GOPREV" parameter to retrieve activities from prev page.

##### Parameters

-   `activitiesLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to load activities from Google API

#### changeCategory

Called upon pressing any of the category buttons to change category.
Function to load a new category of activities. Call redux-action (activitiesLoad) with
"TEXTSEARCH" parameter to retrieve activities from Google API with new category.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `activitiesLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to load activities from Google API

#### clearAll

Called upon pressing the Clear All button to clear all activities selected.
Calls the redux-action (activitiesSubtract) on particular selected activities, and redux-action (clearAllActivities).

##### Parameters

-   `activitiesSubtract` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to subtract activities from the currentList array state, resulting in all activities in the ActivityList Component being unselected.
-   `clearAllActivities` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to clear all activities from the activitiesAdded array state, resulting in SelectedActivityList showing nothing.

### Autocomplete

**Extends Component**

Component, renders input bar for entering destination city of trip.

#### Parameters

-   `props`  
-   `Method` **updateCountry** : passed from parent to update country information.

Returns **any** Rendered input bar with autocomplete functionality

#### handleChange

Called upon any character input/delete.

##### Parameters

-   `address` **[String][105]** : Address inputted by user

#### handleSelect

Called when user selects a City, updateCountry called upon selection.

##### Parameters

-   `address` **[String][105]** : Address inputted by user
-   `Method` **updateCountry** : passed from parent to update country information.

### Calendar

**Extends Component**

Component, renders calendar for entering dates of trip.

#### Parameters

-   `props`  
-   `Method` **updateDates** : passed from parent to update date information.

Returns **any** Rendered calendar to input dates easily

### InputForm

**Extends Component**

Component, renders input form for user to input City and dates of trip.

#### Parameters

-   `Redux-state` **user** : Contains information about user if logged in. (e.g. token, username)
-   `newTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Updates redux state with new trip information.

#### updateDates

Called from component Calendar, in which upon input of dates, local state dates would be updated

##### Parameters

-   `startDate` **[String][105]** : start date of trip.
-   `endDate` **[String][105]** : start date of trip.

#### updateCountry

Called from component Autocomplete, in which upon input of country, local state country would be updated

##### Parameters

-   `countryName` **[String][105]** : name of country.
-   `latLng` **[Object][101]** : coordinates of country.

#### newTrip

Called upon pressing the submit button, creates a new trip, 
and checks for basic input validation before submitting, 
and calling the redux-action (newTrip) to update redux-state with trip information.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `newTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Updates redux state with new trip information.

### Map

**Extends Component**

Component, renders Google Map.

#### Parameters

-   `mapBoundsChange` **[ReduxAction][104]** : to update redux state object (Map) when changing Google Map bounds with new bounds
-   `trip` **ReduxState** : Contains information about current trip (e.g. trip name/date, and list of current activities added)
-   `map` **ReduxState** : Contains map information (e.g. lng/lat of center, and bounds)
-   `activitiesShown` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Contains information about the list of activities currently rendered

Returns **any** Rendered Google Map with Markers of activities shown, and activities added.

#### uponBoundsChanged

Called upon moving the map.
Updates the new bounds of the map to redux-state map.

##### Parameters

-   `Redux-action` **mapBoundsChange** : to update redux state object (Map) when changing Google Map bounds with new bounds

#### mapReset

Called upon clicking button to reset map view to starting stage.
Zooms out the map to default stage.

#### mapLoaded

Called upon first load of map.
Updates local state of bounds, and subsequently the redux-state by calling uponBoundsChanged

### NavBar

**Extends Component**

Component, renders the Navigation Bar
Should be able to show whether a user is logged in from here.

### SelectedActivityList

**Extends Component**

Component, renders activities currently added into the trip.

#### Parameters

-   `trip` **ReduxState** : Contains information about current trip (e.g. trip name/date, and list of current activities added)
-   `itineraryLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Updates redux state to generate itinerary.

#### getItinerary

Called upon clicking button to generate itinerary. Calls Redux-action (itineraryLoad) to generate.

##### Parameters

-   `itineraryLoad` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Updates redux state to generate itinerary.

### Timetable

**Extends Component**

Component, renders activities currently added into the trip in a timetable manner,
enabling it to be customizable by dragging the blocks around.

#### Parameters

-   `trip` **ReduxState** : Contains information about current trip (e.g. trip name/date, and list of current activities added)
-   `itineraryUpdate` **[ReduxAction][104]** : Updates redux state to update itinerary.

#### onDragStart

Called upon selection of activity block.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `Contains` **[event][106]** information about mouse location etc.

#### onDragOver

Called everytime the mouse moves when dragging.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `Contains` **[event][106]** information about mouse location etc.

#### onDrop

Called when activity is dropped.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `Contains` **[event][106]** information about mouse location etc.

## Container

Containers

### Login

**Extends Component**

Container, renders login page.

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage
-   `authLogin` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with logged in information.

#### handleSubmit

Called upon submission of login form, then calls redux-action (authLogin) to login and update redux state.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `event:null` **[Object][101]** contains form information about username and password.

### MyTrips

**Extends Component**

Container, renders my trips page.

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage

#### loadTrips

Called upon page load, loads trips from backend.

### Results

**Extends Component**

Container, renders results page

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `Timetable` **[Component][103]** , renders timetable to display activities.
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage

### Shopping

**Extends Component**

Container, renders shopping page

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `Map` **[Component][103]** , renders map.
-   `ActivityList` **[Component][103]** , renders activity list.
-   `SelectedActivityList` **[Component][103]** , renders selected activities list.
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage

### Signup

**Extends Component**

Container, renders sign up page.

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage
-   `authSignup` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of new user sign up info.

#### handleSubmit

Called upon submission of signup form, then calls redux-action (authLogin) to signup and update redux state.

##### Parameters

-   `event`  
-   `event:null` **[Object][101]** contains form information about username, password and email

### StartPage

**Extends Component**

Container, renders sign up page.

#### Parameters

-   `Navbar` **[Component][103]** , renders navigation bar.
-   `InputForm` **[Component][103]** , renders input form to enter name of country
-   `checkTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of trip with local storage
-   `authCheckState` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of user with local storage
-   `newTrip` **[ReduxAction][104]** , updates redux state of updated trip info

## ReduxAction

ReduxAction

### authStart

Sends an action to reducer to change loading to true.

### authSuccess

Sends an action to reducer to update REDUX token, username, userId upon login.

#### Parameters

-   `token` **[String][105]** : token of user account
-   `username` **[String][105]** : username
-   `userId`  
-   `userid` **[String][105]** : serial number of user

### authFail

Sends an action to alert an error.

#### Parameters

-   `error` **[Object][101]** : error

### logout

Called upon logout, removes everything in LOCALSTORAGE

### notLoggedIn

Called during checking of authentication state, updates REDUX token, remove all USER attributes in LOCALSTORAGE

### authLogin

Called upon login, logins by checking with backend, updates USER attributes in LOCALSTORAGE, 
and calls authSuccess or authFailed, depending on outcome.

#### Parameters

-   `username` **[String][105]** : username of user
-   `password` **[String][105]** : password of user

### authSignup

Signs up by sending POST req to backend, then calls authLogin.

#### Parameters

-   `username` **[String][105]** : username of user
-   `email` **[String][105]** : email of user
-   `password1` **[String][105]** : password1 of user
-   `password2` **[String][105]** : password2 of user

### authCheckState

Checks with LOCALSTORAGE (token) if user is logged in, and updates REDUX token accordingly.

### newTripData

Stores trip variables into local storage, POSTS data if logined, and updates redux state for trip.

#### Parameters

-   `tripCountry` **[String][105]** : country of trip
-   `tripLat` **[number][102]** : lattitude of country of trip
-   `tripLng` **[number][102]** : longitude of country of trip
-   `startDate` **[String][105]** : start date of trip
-   `endDate` **[String][105]** : end date of trip

### newTrip

Calls authStart to change REDUX loading to true, then proceeds on to call newTripData.

#### Parameters

-   `tripCountry` **[String][105]** : country of trip
-   `tripLat` **[number][102]** : lattitude of country of trip
-   `tripLng` **[number][102]** : longitude of country of trip
-   `startDate` **[String][105]** : start date of trip
-   `endDate` **[String][105]** : end date of trip

### checkTrip

Gets trip details from local storage, and update it to redux state.

### mapBoundsChange

Sends an action to reducer to update map information with new bounds of map

#### Parameters

-   `bounds` **[Object][101]** : new bounds of map

### activitiesStart

Sends an action to reducer to change activities loading to true.

### activitiesLoad

Calls activitiesStart to change REDUX activities loading to true, then proceeds on to call activitiesLoadData

#### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][101]** : contains parameters to call for Google API to load data

### activitiesLoadData

Loads data to update activities in their corresponding category shown in redux state according to data type entered,
and update it to redux state.

#### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][101]** : contains parameters to call for Google API to load data

### activitiesAdd

Adds activity, update redux state to change status of activity to {added: true}

#### Parameters

-   `index` **[number][102]** : index of activity added.

### itineraryLoadStart

Sends an action to reducer to change itinerary loading to true, and update it to redux state.

### itineraryLoad

Calls itineraryLoadStart to change REDUX itinerary loading to true, then proceeds on to call itineraryLoadData.

#### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][101]** : contains a list of activities selected to generate itinerary

### itineraryLoadData

Calls backend request to generate itinerary and update it to redux state.

#### Parameters

-   `data` **[Object][101]** : contains a list of activities selected to generate itinerary

### itineraryUpdate

Updates activities of itinerary, deletes the activity at fromIndex, and adds the activity
in the position of toIndex, and update it to redux state.

#### Parameters

-   `toIndex` **[number][102]** : index of intended new position of activity
-   `fromIndex` **[number][102]** : index of original position of activity

[1]: #component

[2]: #activity

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #activitylist

[5]: #parameters-1

[6]: #loadnext

[7]: #parameters-2

[8]: #loadprev

[9]: #parameters-3

[10]: #changecategory

[11]: #parameters-4

[12]: #clearall

[13]: #parameters-5

[14]: #autocomplete

[15]: #parameters-6

[16]: #handlechange

[17]: #parameters-7

[18]: #handleselect

[19]: #parameters-8

[20]: #calendar

[21]: #parameters-9

[22]: #inputform

[23]: #parameters-10

[24]: #updatedates

[25]: #parameters-11

[26]: #updatecountry

[27]: #parameters-12

[28]: #newtrip

[29]: #parameters-13

[30]: #map

[31]: #parameters-14

[32]: #uponboundschanged

[33]: #parameters-15

[34]: #mapreset

[35]: #maploaded

[36]: #navbar

[37]: #selectedactivitylist

[38]: #parameters-16

[39]: #getitinerary

[40]: #parameters-17

[41]: #timetable

[42]: #parameters-18

[43]: #ondragstart

[44]: #parameters-19

[45]: #ondragover

[46]: #parameters-20

[47]: #ondrop

[48]: #parameters-21

[49]: #container

[50]: #login

[51]: #parameters-22

[52]: #handlesubmit

[53]: #parameters-23

[54]: #mytrips

[55]: #parameters-24

[56]: #loadtrips

[57]: #results

[58]: #parameters-25

[59]: #shopping

[60]: #parameters-26

[61]: #signup

[62]: #parameters-27

[63]: #handlesubmit-1

[64]: #parameters-28

[65]: #startpage

[66]: #parameters-29

[67]: #reduxaction

[68]: #authstart

[69]: #authsuccess

[70]: #parameters-30

[71]: #authfail

[72]: #parameters-31

[73]: #logout

[74]: #notloggedin

[75]: #authlogin

[76]: #parameters-32

[77]: #authsignup

[78]: #parameters-33

[79]: #authcheckstate

[80]: #newtripdata

[81]: #parameters-34

[82]: #newtrip-1

[83]: #parameters-35

[84]: #checktrip

[85]: #mapboundschange

[86]: #parameters-36

[87]: #activitiesstart

[88]: #activitiesload

[89]: #parameters-37

[90]: #activitiesloaddata

[91]: #parameters-38

[92]: #activitiesadd

[93]: #parameters-39

[94]: #itineraryloadstart

[95]: #itineraryload

[96]: #parameters-40

[97]: #itineraryloaddata

[98]: #parameters-41

[99]: #itineraryupdate

[100]: #parameters-42

[101]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[102]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[103]: #component

[104]: #reduxaction

[105]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[106]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/API/Event
